I would like to create a Portfolio Website as my project proposal.  I want to have the website be a visual representation of what a resume might look like.  I would use this as a potential link on a resume or cover letter for job applications.
Proposal: Portfolio Website
Home Page - Critical Info about me
Skills Page - job related skills Page
Hobbies Page - page showing interests/hobbies/family

Needs:
1. Text on each page
2. At least one image related to content/text
3. links between pages
4. laid out according to wireframe
5. visually appealing and readable

resume.html = Descriptive resume
projects.html = Work and/or Service Projects
aboutme.html = My Family, My Hobbies, other things about me

Overall:
The purpose of this site is to have a visual resume.  I want to be able to impress people with my work qualifications as well as give them insights into me as a person that would normally be difficulty to convey with words alone.  
Home Page:
This page will be a visual resume.  I want to talk about the last quarter of a century of work that i have done.  I have gone from a wal-mart employee working in the garden center, to a manager of a fortune 300 company's tech division.  In between i have had many roles including phone support, product management, and some limited store front web development.  In each of these roles i have gone knowledge and skills that make me a valuable employee.  Not only do have knowledge of dental terminology, but i have developed a customer focus mindset.  My technical knowledge has increased with knowledge of a variety of industry databases, architecture, and programming.  I have learned how to create meaningful reports, manage projects, and many other things.  I want my resume to show these things in a condensed fashion that will be visually striking but also professional.
Projects:
I want this page to show both work projects and personal projects.  I want to show my activity in church, with my family, and with my community.  I want my projects to show the kind of person I am.  That is, i believe i am an honest hard working individual, who values integrity, creativity, and order.  I will need to convey these projects in a way that makes it quick and easy to understand the purpose of the project and my role in accomplishing things.  Some of the thoughts i have for this page are Church cleaning, teaching, local community charity event to deliver presents to children with disabilities, creating a database architecture for ETL work, and developing a training program for new hires to the implementation team i work on.  I want this page to show some of these projects and show the diverse activities i have been involved in.
About Me:
My passion is computers and technology, however i have a love for many forms of art and media.  I love playing games, both board and video.  I love watching movies with my family.  I love listening to music and have attended concerts for country singers, rock bands, electronic, and classical symphonies. My wife and i really enjoy watching shows together, going on walks, and spending time together going to concerts, movies, and other fun activites.  We also love to attend church together and participate in spiritually uplifting activites.  I have a passion for being a moral and ethical person.  I want to make sure i am doing right and doing good.  I have three sons who I am very proud of.  Our oldest son is graduated from High School and working while he figures out his next step.  Our middle son is going to be a Senior in High School and has been participating in choir and esports.  Our youngest son is going to be a Sophomore and is going to participate in AV Club or Drama Club as well as doing eSports.  We moved our family half way across the country right before the pandemic started in 2020.  Working remotely has changed my life in many ways.  In the year 2023 i decided that i wanted to be prepared in case i need to change careers or positions so i have started up going to school to get my bachelors degree in software development.  I want to highlight my hobbies and interests and my love of my family on this page.